You can add sectors.
Select a product to view the different production routes.
Select specific production routes.
Select a sector tab to view its products.
You can adjust the weights...
Make sure the total adds up to 100%!
To edit production route values, go to this tab.
You can repeat this process for all products.
You can select new products (outside of AIDRES sectors)...
to use them with the Cluster - Microscale feature, but not for mapping!
Here, select the parameter(s) you want to include in your production route.
Let’s create a new production route with a specific electricity value.
You can change the name — just make sure to press Enter.
Save the pathway in the session.
You can export the pathway to a file and upload it later!